README.md, before:

# Udemy-Csharp-Unity-Game-Development
Udemy course for learning game development with C# and Unity

Key Points to Remember:

Have some sort of an image whether it's on the computer or hand sketched so we have an idea of what we're building.

Make a note of and keep in mind:
	* Player Experience - What should the player feel, e.g. nimble/agile (Helps make decisions while building the game)
	* Core Mechanic - e.g. Move and dodge obstacles
	* Game Loop - e.g. Get from A to B without hitting obstacles
	
Games: 

1. Bricky Road

Character Name: Bricky
Player Experience: Nimble/Agile
Core Mechanic: Move and dodge obstacles
Game Loop: Get from A to B without hitting obstacles


2. Ship Shapes  
  
Character Name: Ricky the Rocket  
Player Experience: Precision/Skillfull  
Core Mechanic: Skillfully fly spaceship and avoid environmental hazards  
Game Loop: Get from A to B to beat a level, progress levels to beat the game. If the player dies on any level they restart that level. Currently the player has infinite lives.  
  
Theme:  
Ricky is a prototype AI spacecraft exploring the depths of an unknown planet. His mission was to report on the condition of the planet but he went too deep and now the transmission can't break through and he has to try to escape. It almost seems like the environment itself is animated with a malevolent desire to keep Ricky from escaping! It's as if the planet itself lulled Ricky into a false sense of safety to get him to go too deep. Now, the closer Rickey gets to escaping the harder the planet tries to keep him.

Commit message:

Update README.md Added Onion design for Ship Shapes to prioritize development

README.md, after:

# Udemy-Csharp-Unity-Game-Development
Udemy course for learning game development with C# and Unity

Key Points to Remember:

Have some sort of an image whether it's on the computer or hand sketched so we have an idea of what we're building.

Make a note of and keep in mind:
	* Player Experience - What should the player feel, e.g. nimble/agile (Helps make decisions while building the game)
	* Core Mechanic - e.g. Move and dodge obstacles
	* Game Loop - e.g. Get from A to B without hitting obstacles
	
Games: 

1. Bricky Road

Character Name: Bricky
Player Experience: Nimble/Agile
Core Mechanic: Move and dodge obstacles
Game Loop: Get from A to B without hitting obstacles


2. Ship Shapes  
  
Character Name: Ricky the Rocket  
Player Experience: Precision/Skillfull  
Core Mechanic: Skillfully fly spaceship and avoid environmental hazards  
Game Loop: Get from A to B to beat a level, progress levels to beat the game. If the player dies on any level they restart that level. Currently the player has infinite lives.  
  
Theme:  
Ricky is a prototype AI spacecraft exploring the depths of an unknown planet. His mission was to report on the condition of the planet but he went too deep and now the transmission can't break through and he has to try to escape. It almost seems like the environment itself is animated with a malevolent desire to keep Ricky from escaping! It's as if the planet itself lulled Ricky into a false sense of safety to get him to go too deep. Now, the closer Rickey gets to escaping the harder the planet tries to keep him.  
  
Onion Design:  
Core Feature: Moving from A to B  
2nd Feature: Dying and resetting the level when we hit an obstacle  
3rd Feature: Moving to the next level when we get to B  
4th: Break free from the planet. Win the game   
5th: Moving obstacles  
6th: Obstacles that chase Ricky  
7th: Paralax background  
8th: Ricky can shoot!  
9th: Powerups
